Custom transaction validator example (#14)
Constellation-Labs/metagraph-examples: examples/custom-transaction-validation/README.md

# Metagraph - Custom transaction validation

> This example validates incoming transactions with the custom validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example provides a sample implementation of a currency metagraph with a custom transaction validator. In this case, the validator prevents transactions below a minimum fee from being accepted.

The CurrencyL1App provides `transactionValidator` as an overridable method to introduce custom validation logic to token transactions. Throwing an error from this method will reject the transaction and prevent its execution. 
```

> The validation criteria are as following:
> - If snapshot ordinal < 10 then pass
> - If snapshot ordinal >= 10 then pass only if fee is an even number
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following validation criteria are implemented in this example:
- If snapshot ordinal < 10 then pass
- If snapshot ordinal >= 10 then pass only if fee is greater than 10
```

## Template
This project contains dependencies of the Tessellation on version `v2.6.0`

> At this example you can take a look at the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary implementation of this example is found in: 
```
